Topic: Data Visualization with Matplotlib

Project: Analyse the Popularity of Different Programming Languages over Time

Lessons:
1. How to visualise your data and create charts with Matplotlib
2. How to pivot, group and manipulate your data with Pandas to get it into the format you want
3. How to work with timestamps and time-series data
4. How to style and customise a line chart to your liking

Steps:
0. Notebook setup and data exploration
   a. Read the .csv file and store it in a Pandas DataFrame called df. Provide these column names: ['DATE', 'TAG', 'POSTS']
   b. Look at the first and last 5 rows of the DataFrame.
   c. How many rows and how many columns does it have?
   d. Count the number of entries in each column.
   
1. Challenge
   a. Given that the TAG serves is the category column, count the number of posts per language? 
        df.groupby('TAG').sum()
      Which programming language had the most number of posts since the creation of Stack Overflow?
        df.groupby('TAG')['POSTS'].idxmax()
   b. Count how many months of posts exist for each programming language?
        df.groupby('TAG').count()
        
2. Data Cleaning - Time Stamps
   a. Convert string dates to datetime objects (Pandas Timestamp) with:
        pd.to_datetime(df['DATE'])

3. Data Manipulation - Pivoting DataFrames
   a. df.pivot(index='Age', columns='Actor', values='Power')
        index = categories for the row.
        columns = categories for the column
        values = what you want in the cells.
        If there's no value for a cell, then it becomes NaN by default.
        
   b. Dealing with NaN
        df.fillna(0, inplace=True)
      Check if there's any NaN in the DataFrame
        df.isna().values.any()
        
3.1 Challenge        
   a. Pivot the df DataFrame so that each row is a date and each column is a programming language? 
   b. Examine the dimensions of the reshaped DataFrame. How many rows does it have? How many columns?
   c. Examine the head and the tail of the DataFrame.
   d. Print out the column names.
   e. Count the number of entries per column.
        
4. Data Visualisation with Matplotlib
   a. 
